[Music]
let us tell then a story about magic
lies sea battles halloin princesses
slave revolts manhunts make believe
kingdoms and fraudulent ambassadors
spies Jewel thieves prisoners devil
worship the section Obsession that lies
at the origins of modern
freedom I like life on the ocean waves a
vast I like the
booty and
plundering it be Carnival for pirates
mey I think Carnival is essentially a
very caring
[Applause]
event
War has this sort of performative
element to it that one side needs to
dress up in one way and the other side
needs to dress up in the other way and
if because if there's confusion between
the two sides and who's on which side
then your War is
Over in order for a war to happen that
this sort of division needs to go down
between between these two populations
which were all already mixed before you
know it's this peculiar sort of hering
of people the opposite of that really is
this
Carnival and
Beggars
never protest tends to be don't do this
don't do that we want this we want that
whereas Carnival doesn't really have
that explicit message it conveys itself
in a different form you have people
dressing up and being outside of
themselves if you imagine if the police
sign up to a carnival and they close a
carnival down which they have tried to
do with nting Hill Carnival a few times
there's going to be progress because
people are not going to be
[Laughter]
[Music]
happy it's difficult all that stuff
isn't it
the only radical thing you can do is to
not sell anything and not make
anything that is where the interesting
stuff is in the
[Music]
world this lighten up the atmosphere
especially people come in from all over
and and get together and have something
different than usual so it's great I
mean I guess the fact that there are so
many people uh today for the carnival
for David May mean that David was also
telling very important stories that we
feel the need to to
tell property your trespassing that's
the first thing they say to
anybody trying to really change
society uh the gap between the cultural
worker and the Revolutionary I don't
remember it ever being as
wise
da